okta-managed certs guide (#2850)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/custom-url-domain/main/index.md

* Okta currently only supports 2048-bit keys for the private key that you upload. However, your certificate chain can use keys of any size.

> * If your org has configured any SAML or WS-Fed integrated apps, review the setup instructions for [SAML SSO](/docs/guides/build-sso-integration/saml2/overview/) or [WS-Fed SSO](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Apps_Configuring_WS_Federation). If you want your customers to see the new custom domain rather than the Okta org domain, update those SAML or WS-Fed Service Provider integrations to use the new custom URL in the metadata.

Reviewer: The build sso integration doc is now a single page guide - so /main/ is the correct URL for that now.

```suggestion
* If your org has configured any SAML or WS-Fed integrated apps, review the setup instructions for [SAML SSO](/docs/guides/build-sso-integration/saml2/main/) or [WS-Fed SSO](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Apps_Configuring_WS_Federation). If you want your customers to see the new custom domain rather than the Okta org domain, update those SAML or WS-Fed Service Provider integrations to use the new custom URL in the metadata.
```

Yes. When you turn the custom domain on, the Okta domain (for example, `example.okta.com`) still works.

<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />

## Configure a custom domain through Okta-managed certificates

> This method of configuring a custom domain is recommended because Okta manages your certificate renewals in in perpetuity through an integration with Let's Encrypt, which is a free certificate authority. The certificate procurement process is free, and also faster and easier than configuring a custom domain with your own certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This method of configuring a custom domain is recommended because Okta manages your certificate renewals in perpetuity through an integration with Let's Encrypt, which is a free certificate authority. The certificate procurement process is free, and also faster and easier than configuring a custom domain with your own certificate.
```

1. In the Admin Console, select **Customizations**, and then **Domain**.
2. In the **Custom URL Domain** box, click **Edit**.
3. Click **Get Started** to start the configuration wizard.

### Add your subdomain information

On the Add Domain page of the configuration wizard, enter your subdomain name, for example, `login.example.com`, and then click **Next**. Verifying domain ownership is the next step in the configuration wizard.

### Create a DNS TXT  and CNAME record

You need to add DNS TXT and CNAME records for your domain to prove ownership of your domain with Okta before Okta can serve traffic over it. These records includes the values provided in the Host and Value columns of the table on the Update your DNS page. Okta verifies that you own your domain when it finds the records that contain the required values.

> 1. On the **Update your DNS** page of the configuration wizard, copy the values of the **Host** and **Data** columns into a text file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. On the **Update your DNS** page of the configuration wizard, copy the values of the **Host** and **Value** columns into a text file.
```

2. Sign in to your Domain Name registrar and locate the option to modify your DNS records.

3. Add a TXT record and paste the value that you copied from the **Host** column into the appropriate field, for example, the **Name** or **Host** field.

> **Note**: Depending on your domain provider, you may only need to enter `_acme-challenge` rather than `_acme-challenge.login.example.com`. If your domain provider doesn't support the value that you enter, verification fails and your custom URL domain configuration is incomplete.
>

> > You can perform a DNS lookup of your `_oktaverification` DNS record to verify that it's correctly configured. For example, you might use Google's [Dig](https://toolbox.googleapps.com/apps/dig/) tool to check your `_oktaverification.login.example.com` DNS record.

Reviewer 3: _oktaverification.login.example.com -> _acme-challenge.login.example.com

4. Paste the value that you copied from the **Value** column into the appropriate field, for example, the **Record** or **Value** field.

> 6. Repeat Steps 3 and 4 for the CNAME record.

Reviewer 2: Numbering started getting off here. This should be `5.` and then next ones should be `6.` and `7.`

Author: thanks

> 6. Repeat Steps 3 and 4 for the CNAME record.

Author: @DanMacDonald-okta okay to just say this?^

Yes. When you turn the custom domain on, the Okta domain (for example, `example.okta.com`) still works.

<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />

> ## Configure a custom domain via Okta-managed certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure a custom domain through Okta-managed certificates
```

> This method of configuring a custom domain is recommended because Okta will manage your cerificate renewals in imperpetuity, via an integration with Let's Encrypt, a free certificate authority. The certificate procurement process is free, and also faster and easier than configuring a custom domain with your own certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method of configuring a custom domain is recommended because Okta manages your certificate renewals in in perpetuity through an integration with Let's Encrypt, which is a free certificate authority. The certificate procurement process is free, and also faster and easier than configuring a custom domain with your own certificate.
```

1. In the Admin Console, select **Customizations**, and then **Domain**.
2. In the **Custom URL Domain** box, click **Edit**.
3. Click **Get Started** to start the configuration wizard.

### Add your subdomain information

On the Add Domain page of the configuration wizard, enter your subdomain name, for example, `login.example.com`, and then click **Next**. Verifying domain ownership is the next step in the configuration wizard.

### Create a DNS TXT  and CNAME record

You need to add a DNS TXT and CNAME record to your domain to verify ownership of your domain with Okta before Okta can serve traffic over it. This record includes the Okta-generated values provided in the **Host** and **Value** columns of the table on the **Update your DNS page**. Okta verifies that you own your domain when it finds the TXT record that contains the generated value.

1. On the **Update your DNS** page of the configuration wizard, copy the values of the **Host** and **Data** columns into a text file.

2. Sign in to your Domain Name registrar and locate the option to modify your DNS records.

> 3. Add a TXT record and paste the value that you copied from the **Host** column into the appropriate field, for example, the **Name** or **Host** field.

Reviewer 3: The CNAME record is added as well after this step for both BYOC and ACME in the new flow.  In the old flow, the CNAME record was added last.

> > **Note**: Depending on your domain provider, you may only need to enter `_oktaverification` rather than `_oktaverification.login.example.com`. If your domain provider doesn't support the value that you enter, verification fails and your custom URL domain configuration is incomplete.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure how to word this but for BYOC, the TXT record will begin with _oktaverification but with Okta-managed, the record will begin with _acme-challenge (because that record name/value is provided by the ACME server.

> > **Note**: Depending on your domain provider, you may only need to enter `_oktaverification` rather than `_oktaverification.login.example.com`. If your domain provider doesn't support the value that you enter, verification fails and your custom URL domain configuration is incomplete.

Reviewer 2: I think they'll get a `_acme-challenge` instead of `_oktaverification` for okta-managed flow

>
> You can perform a DNS lookup of your `_oktaverification` DNS record to verify that it's correctly configured. For example, you might use Google's [Dig](https://toolbox.googleapps.com/apps/dig/) tool to check your `_oktaverification.login.example.com` DNS record.

> 4. Paste the value that you copied from the **Data** column into the appropriate field, for example, the **Record** or **Value** field.

Reviewer 2: Instead of `Data column` it should be `Value column`?

5. Wait for the DNS record to propagate (typically one to five minutes, but it may take longer), and then return to Okta and click **Next** to prove to Okta that you have rights to use the domain name.

> **Note:** It may take up to 24 hours for your DNS changes to propagate. If your changes don't appear within 24 hours, return to this step and confirm your settings. Use a tool like [Dig](https://toolbox.googleapps.com/apps/dig/) to check your DNS records.

> 6. If **Certificate issued** appears, click **Finish**. If an error occurs, possible issues may be that the TXT record may not have propagated yet or there may be a copy and paste issue with the values. 

Reviewer 3: It could be that their CNAME record is incorrect as well or there may be an operational issue with Let's Encrypt which can be checked with https://letsencrypt.status.io/

> > **Note:** If you configure your DNS records and click **Next** to verify the records very quickly, Okta will detect the DNS records but Let's Encrypt will not detect them yet, which causes a failed authorization. You will see a warning notification `A new TXT value has been generated. Update your DNS record with the new TXT value, wait for it to propagate, and then return here to verify.` Okta will generate a new TXT record for you to paste into your domain provider. Wait a few minutes, and then retry the **Next** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you configure your DNS records and click **Next** to verify the records too quickly, Okta detects the DNS records, but Let's Encrypt hasn't detected them yet, which causes a failed authorization. A warning notification appears: `A new TXT value has been generated. Update your DNS record with the new TXT value, wait for it to propagate, and then return here to verify.` Okta generates a new TXT record for you to paste into your domain provider. Wait a few minutes, and then retry the **Next** button.
```

> > **Note:** If you configure your DNS records and click **Next** to verify the records very quickly, Okta will detect the DNS records but Let's Encrypt will not detect them yet, which causes a failed authorization. You will see a warning notification `A new TXT value has been generated. Update your DNS record with the new TXT value, wait for it to propagate, and then return here to verify.` Okta will generate a new TXT record for you to paste into your domain provider. Wait a few minutes, and then retry the **Next** button.

Reviewer 3: Thanks for calling this out.

> ## Configure a custom domain via your own certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure a custom domain through your own certificate
```
